and you son of man
prophesy
against God and say thus says the Lord
God behold I am against you Oh the
Prince of rosh Meshach and tubal and i
will turn you around and lead you on
bringing you up from the far north and
bring you against the mountains of
israel and i will not the bow out of
your left hand and cause the arrows to
fall out of your right hand you shall
fall upon the mountains of israel you
and all your troops and the peoples who
are with
I will give you two birds of prey of
every sort and to the beasts of the
field to be devout you shall fall on the
open field for I have spoken and I will
send fire on mega and on those who live
in security in the coastlands then they
shall know that I am the Lord
so I will make my holy name known in the
midst of my people Israel and I will not
let them profane my holy name
anymore then the nations shall know that
I am the Lord the Holy One in Israel
surely it is coming and it shall be done
this is the day of which I have spoken
then those who dwell in the cities of
Israel will go out and set on fire and
burn the weapons both the shields and
buckler's the bows and arrows the
javelins and Spears and they will make
fires with them for seven years they
will not take wood from the field
nor cut down any from the forests
because they will make fires with those
weapons and they will plunder those who
plundered them and pillage those who
pillaged them it will come to pass in
that day that i will give GOG a burial
place there in israel the valley of
those who pass by east of the sea and it
will obstruct travelers because there
they will bear a god and all his
multitude therefore they will call it
the valley of amon göth
for seven months the house of Israel
will be burying them in order to cleanse
the land indeed all the people of the
land will be buried and they will gain
renown
for it on the day that I am glorified
says the Lord God
they will set apart men regularly
employed with the help of a search party
to pass through the land and bury those
bodies remaining on the ground in order
to cleanse it at the end of seven months
they will make a search the search party
will pass through the land and when
anyone sees a man's bone he shall set up
a marker by it till the barriers have
buried it in the valley of Haman GOG the
name of the city will also be hamona
thus they shall cleanse the land and as
for you
son of man thus says the Lord God speak
to every sort of bird and to every beast
of the field assemble yourselves and
gather together from all sides to my
sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing
for you a great sacrificial meal on the
mountains of Israel that you may eat
flesh and drink blood you shall eat the
flesh of the mighty drink the blood of
the princes of the earth of Rams and
lambs of goats and bulls
all of them fatlings of bation you shall
eat fat till you are full and drink
blood till you are drunk at my
sacrificial meal which I am sacrificing
for you you shall be filled at my table
with horses and riders with mighty men
and with all the men of war says the
Lord God I will set my glory among the
nations all the nations shall see my
judgement which I have executed and my
hand which I have laid on them so the
house of Israel shall know that I am the
Lord their God
from that day forward the Gentiles shall
know that the house of Israel with into
captivity for their iniquity because
they were unfaithful to me therefore I
hid my face from them I gave them into
the hand of their enemies and they all
fell by the sword according to their
uncleanness and according to their
transgressions I have dealt with them
and hidden my face from them therefore
thus says the Lord God now I will bring
back the captives of Jacob and have
mercy on the whole house of Israel and I
will be jealous for my holy name
after they have borne their shame and
all their unfaithfulness in which they
were unfaithful to me when they dwelt
safely in their own land and no one made
them afraid when I have brought them
back from the peoples and gathered them
out of their enemy's lands and I am
hallowed in them in the sight of many
nations then they shall know that I am
the Lord their God who sent them into
captivity among the nations but also
brought them back to their land and left
none of them captive any longer and I
will not hide my face from them anymore
for I shall have poured out my spirit on
the house of Israel says the Lord God
[Music]
you